=== This is the original spec file I told antigravity to process.
=== I interacted with it quite a bit after its initial work so this
=== spec was not complete enough to allow it to completely autonomously
=== create the software.
===
=== Later, I did still more work.  So, this specification is not even
=== close to describing the current version of the software.

This file contains a specification for a program that you are to write
and compile.

The purpose of the program is to act as a DSP software development
framework for audio signals.  A PCM1808 ADC feeds audio data to
software.  Software processes the audio data.  The processed data
is then feed to a PCM5102A DAC for output.

Requirement: The program will target the Raspberry Pi Pico 2 and will
use both a core and the PIO engine.

Requirement: Put the program source in the same directory as this
specification file.

Requirement: The program will be implemented using the Pico C SDK.
You will find it installed in ../pico-sdk.

Requirement: Data flow will be from a PCM1808 ADC for input, to the
Pico 2 core for processing, and then to a PCM5102A DAC for output.

Requirement: The i2s protocal will be used for both the PCM1808 and
the PCM5102A.  Both will act as slaves meaning they input the bit
clock and the LR clock.  They will both use the same instance of these
clocks meaning the same bit clock and LR clock signals will be
connected to the PCM1808 and the PCM5102A.

Requirement: The PCM1808 also requires a system clock (SCK).  Its
frequency shall be 12.5 MHz.  The PICO 2 clock shall be set to 150
MHz.  SCK will produced by the Pico 2 PIO.  The value of 12.5 MHz
implies that the program will use a non-standard audio sampling rate
of 48828.125 samples per second.  It will use 32 bit audio.  This
implies that the i2s bit clock (BCK) will be 3.125 MHz.  Of course,
the i2s LRCK frequency will match the sample rate.  The audio is
stereo.  Double check these frequencies and tell me if you see any
problems with them.

Requirement: The pico 2 will generate the following clocks using side
sets in the PIO program: the system clock (SCK) for the PCM1808, the
i2s bit clock (BCK), and the i2s LR clock (LRCK).

Requirement: Pin connectivity is as follows.  The i2s BCK and LRCK
will connect from the Pico 2 to both the PCM1808 and the PCM5102A.
SCK will connect only to the PCM1808.  SCK on the PCM5102A will be
grounded.  There will be a DIN signal, an input to the Pico 2 from the
ADC.  There will be a DOUT signal, an output from the Pico 2 to the
DAC.

Requirement: A single PIO program using one engine will implement the
i2s protocol for both the PCM1808 and the PCM5102A.  You will write this
program.

Requirement: The audio processing will use three buffers 0, 1, and 2
in a cyclic fashion.  One buffer will be receiving data from the ADC.
The next will be being processed by software on the Pico 2.  The last
will be sending data to the DAC.

Requirement: I/O for the DAC and the ADC will be done via chained
DMAs.  This implies that, once started, no action from software is
needed to start the DMA for the next buffer.

Requirement: A DMA completion completion interrupt associated with the
ADC will be used to signal to software that it is time for it start
processing the next buffer.  This DMA writes to the next buffer that
software will process.

Requirement: Theinterrupt handler will set a buffer index that tells
software which buffer to process.  A change in this value tells
software to begin processing a buffer.  No audio processing will be
done inside an interrupt handler.

Requirement: The program must avoid phase offset in the DMAs.  One idea
is to slave the output DMA to the input DMA's pace by using a the receiving
DREQ for both the receiving and sending DMA.  Think this through before
implementing and tell me if you see a problem with it.  Think carefully
about the impact of the FIFOs between the DMAs and the PIO.  Think carefully
about how DMA start up works.  Will there be a need for some manual data
pushes to the PIO to prime the system?  If so, use audio value 0.

Requirement: Start the DMAs at the same moment using a dma_start_mask.

Requirement: Assume the software will use floating point to process
audio samples.  The test framework must show the most efficient
possible conversion to and from floating point of audio samples.

Requirement: When the Pico 2 program first starts, it must flash the
Pico 2 board's LED on for 1/4 second, off for 1/4 second, on for 1/4
second and finally off for 1/4 second.  This is to show that the
program starts OK. Then initialize all buffers to the audio zero
value.  Finally, DMAs can be started and the cyclic processing can
begin.

Requirement: software will first process buffer 0.  This implies that
the first DMA from the ADC will write to buffer 1 and the first DMA to
the DAC will read from buffer 2.

Requirement: The i2s PIO program must be custom.  Do no directly use a
library.

Requirement: Let buffers be 128 audio samples long, meaning 64 left
samples and 64 right samples.  But make this value be a parameter that
is easy to change.  I think it must be greater than PIO FIFO lengths
to help keep DMAs in lock-step.
